Address runtime release note suggestions (#654)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-beta2-release-note.md

#### Improvements

> - Support has been introduced for configurable variables of union types via the TOML syntax. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support has been introduced for `configurable` variables of union types via the TOML syntax. 
```

```ballerina
configurable map<anydata> myMap = ?;

configurable int|string id = ?;
```

**TOML:**

```toml
id = "12345"

[myMap]

> name="John"

Author: ```suggestion
name= "John"
```

> age=10

Author: ```suggestion
    age= 10
```

#### Improvements

> - Support for configure variables with the `union` types through the TOML syntax. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support has been introduced for configurable variables of union types via the TOML syntax. 
```

```ballerina
configurable map<anydata> myMap = ?;

configurable int|string id = ?;

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
